# ps3413600102

## Page 1

TECHNICAL SPECIFICATION
PS-341-360-01-R2
PEP-I RF SYSTEM
2.5 MW KLYSTRON POWER SUPLLY
: Ue Bullome , A7/o

Prepared by: Uoh i Ma o Date: / ¢

John DiMaggio Revisor) (Power/Conversion Department)
Reviewed by: & Ch pest Date: 27 / OY

Richard Cassel (Originator) (Power Conversion Department)
Reviewed by: : eax AL CY ba | Date: i {27/2 664

Joseph Olszewski (Power Conversion Department)
Approved by: rl Jutber iL yLe-_ Date: Janu 27 Aoo 4

Paul Béllomo (Power Conversion Department)

File name: 34136001.PS2
Ren ex
STANFORD LINEAR ACCELERATOR CENTER
Power Conversion Department
. 2575 Sand Hill Rd
Menlo park, CA 94025
PS-341-360-01-R2 1


## Page 2

PS-341-360-01-R2

0.0
1.0
2.0
3.0
4.0
5.0
7.0
8.0
9.0
10.0
11.0
12.0
13.0
14.0
15.0
16.0
17.0
18.0

Technical Specifications

2.5MW PEP-II Klystron

Power supply
Rectifier Transformer

PS-341-360-01-R1

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Introduction

Scope, Service and Standards

Summary of specifications.

Transformer

Rectifier Configuration and specifications
Primary SCR Controls supplied by SLAC
DC Crowbar supplied by SLAC
Insulation of complete power supply
Primary excitation

Short Circuit Conditions

Terminals

Cooling

Enclosures

Controls, Accessories and Alarms

Tests

Size

Connection & Interlocks

Color

Documentation



## Page 3

Specifications
2.5 MW PEP-II Klystron
Power supply |
Rectifier Transformer
PS-341-360-01-R1
Introduction
This specification describes the outdoor oil insulated power supply used to power the
PEP-II (B-factory project) 1.2 MW 476 MHz RF SLAC klystron. The power supply shall consist of a
phase shifting transformer, rectifier transformers, rectifiers, filter capacitor and inductor and SLAC
provided 12 phase primary controller thyristor rectifier, and DC crowbar (powered from the SLAC
12.5 kV 3 phase 60 Hz power line) Figure 1. All of the transformers and high voltage parts of the
| power supply shall be totally enclosed in outdoor oil tank which is sized to fit the existing PEP

transformer pads (Figure 9).

0.0 Scope, Service and Standards

0.1 The scope encompasses the design, fabrication, test and delivery of the power supply system in
accordance with this specification, including designing, performing thermal, stress and seismic

. analyses, harmonic and short circuit current calculations to demonstrate compliance with

specification, and providing installation and maintenance manuals and sufficient drawings for the
power supply and transformers operation and maintenance.

0.2. The vendor shall be responsible for the testing of all installed equipment and performance of all
equipment supplied by the vendor.

0.3 The following equipment as a minimum shall be supplied by vendor.
1) One transformer tank with monitoring and controls enclosure.
2) One Phase shifting transformer with input current transformers.
3) Two Rectifier transformers.

PS-341-360-01-R2 3


## Page 4

4) Two Filter inductors.
5) Five output Bushings.
. 04 In addition the following equipment shall be installed by the vendor.
1) Installation of the SLAC supplied Primary Control SCRs.
2) Installation of the SLAC supplied SCR crowbar.
3) Installation of the four sets of rectifiers, filter capacitors and interconnecting resistors.
0.5 The following equipment may be supplied by the vendor or can be supplied by SLAC.
: 1) Four sets of 6 pulse high voltage power rectifiers.
2) Four sets of 6 pulse high voltage filter rectifiers.
3) Four filter capacitors with interconnecting resistors. |
0.6 The equipment furnished under this specification shall comply with the currently applicable accepted
industry practice, in particular with the following:
IEEE Std General Principles for Temperature Limits in the Rating of Electric Equipment.
ANSI C42.100 1972 Dictionary of Electrical and Electronic Terms.
AEC Safety & Fire Protection Bulletin #13 Electrical Safety Guides for Research, Part II.
Title 29, Chapter XVII, Part 1910 - Occupational and Health Standards.
National Electrical Code National Fire Protection Association Number 70
National Electrical Safety Code, ANSI C2.
ANSI C34.2 Practice and Requirements for Semi-Conductor Power Rectifiers.
IEEE Std 4-1969 Techniques for Dielectric Tests.
ANSIJ/TEEE C57.98-1986 | Transformer impulse testing
ANSI C57.12 Power Transformers.
ANSI C57.18 Rectifier Transformers.
Uniform Building Code California, Pacific Coast Building Conference. |
PS-341-360-01-R2 4


## Page 5

1.0 Summary of specifications

1.1 There shall be five outputs for a possible future depressed collector klystron:

a) Cathode #5 0 to -90 kV

c) Output #4 0 to -77 kV (86% of cathode voltage)
d) Output #3 0 to -52 kV (57% of cathode voltage)
e) Output #2 0 to -26kV (29% of cathode voltage)

b) Collector #1 Nominal Ground 0 to -1 kV maximum
1.2 The maximum output current on any output is 27 Amps. (Note: the klystron cathode beam
current is 27 amps maximum and the current may return in any of the outputs or any

combination of outputs)

1.3. Frequency line 60 HZ

14 Line voltage 12.5 kilovolts +5% line to line
1.5 Nominal phase shifting transformer power 350 kVA (see figure 2)

1.6 Rectifier transformer primary voltage 12.5 +5% kilovolts line to line
1.7. Each secondary voltage 21 kV RMS. line to line

or 10.5 kV (T2-S2) See figure 3

1.8 Each Secondary Current 22 Amperes RMS. per phase
1.9 Nominal rectifier transformer power rating 1500 kVA (each of two transformers)
1.10 Filter choke inductance >0.3 Hy at 85 amps DC
1.11 Filter choke DC current, long term 85 Amps
2.0 Transformer

2.1 The phase shifting transformer shall be connected to provide for a phase shift line to primary

of 15° (+0.5°) (See figure 2).

PS-341-360-01-R2 5


## Page 6

2.2

2.3

2.4

2.5

2.6

2.7

2.8

The phase shifting transformer shall have a minimum of two monitor windings (for SCR
synchronization) connected to the terminal box. The voltage ratio shall be approximately
100/1, i.e. 125 volts line to line for 12.5 kv line to line. The current rating shall be 5 amps
RMS.

The rectifier transformers shall be Wye secondary with open Wye primary.

The secondary of the transformers shall have an additional +5% voltage tap used by the
proprietary filter circuit. (See figure 3)

The secondary voltage winding shall be 21 kV RMS. line to line for T1-S1, T1-S2 , T2-S1.
and 10.5 kV RMS. line to line for T2-S2 with a primary voltage of 12.5 kv RMS. line to line.
The transformers secondary (they can be different) shall have a nominal leakage reactance to
the primary of between 7% and 10% based on the nominal kVA rating of the transformer.
The leakage reactance from phase winding to phase winding may vary within +7.5% of the
nominal leakage reactance.

The resistive impedance shall be < 2%, based on the nominal kVA rating.

3.0 Rectifier Configuration and specifications

3.1

3.2

3.3

The vendor may propose his own rectifier, filter capacitor and resistor design and fabrication,
as per following specification, or may install SLAC supplied rectifiers.

The supply shall have 8 sets of 6 pulse full wave rectifiers.

The 4 sets of power 6 pulse full wave rectifiers shall be rated for 30 Amps average with a
junction temperature not to exceed 80° C with a 45° C ambient air temperature at full load.
The individual rectifier stacks shall have a continuous reverse voltage rating of not less than
30 kV and be balanced / protected so as not to exceed the individual diode’s peak inverse

voltage rating with 500 Amps in the reverse direction through the protection.

PS-341-360-01-R2 6


## Page 7

3.4

3.5

3.6

3.7

3.8

3.9

3.10

The diodes shall be rated for a fault current consistent with a bolted secondary or (crowbar)
with SCRs phased full on and an 8 cycle breaker interruption. The junction temperature shall
not exceed 150° C or the manufacturer’s maximum operating junction temperature rating,
under full load operating conditions with a 45° C ambient air temperature.

The 4 sets of filter 6 pulse full wave rectifier shall have diodes rated at >3 amp average used
for ripple filtering. The junction temperature shall not exceed 80° C with a 45° C ambient air
temperature at full load and at a fault current of 25 amps for 8 cycles.

The filter rectifier stacks shall have a continuous voltage rating of not less than 30 kV and
shall be balanced or protected so as not to exceed the individual diode’s peak inverse voltage
rating with less than 50 kV per stack.

The supply shall have 4 filter capacitors of not less than 8 uF at 30 kV DC each.

The filter shall also consist of 8 resistors or resistor strings rated at 500 ohms and 1 kW in oil
with energy absorption capacity of no less than 5000 Joules per resistor.

The capacitance between each secondary and shield or primary shall not exceed 0.005 uF.
The power loss, if SLAC provides the rectifiers, filter and filter resistors shall not exceed 10

kw

4.0 Primary SCR Controls supplied by SLAC

4.1

The vendor shall install, make all connection to, and test the SLAC supplied 12 phase SCR’s
snubbers, SCR drivers and control system. (see Figure 6). Detail drawings with dimensions
will be available for the vendor two weeks before the required vendors design review. The
pre-tested parts shall be available from SLAC at least 4 weeks before the required power
supply delivery.

The supply shall be 12 phase primary controlled SCR in an open Wye configuration.

PS-341-360-01-R2 7


## Page 8

4.2

4.3

The SCR enclosure shall have its own separate oil system. The enclosure will be vented into
the main oil tank and shall be by conduction / convection cooled from the main tank oil
system and/or pump oil provided by SLAC. The maximum power loss in the SCR enclosure
shall be 6000 watts.

Acces to the primary SCRs for maintenance or repair shall be through a removable cover on
the top supplied by SLAC. The transformer shall be design in such a way so as not to impede
the access to the SCRs and minimize interference to allow for removal of the whole phase

SCR system as a unit.

5.0 DC Crowbar supplied by SLAC

5.1

5.2

5.3

5.4

The vendor shall install, make all connections to and test the SLAC supplied SCR crowbar,
Cable snubbers, voltage dividers, SCR drivers and control system (see Figure 7). Detail
drawings with dimensions will be available for the vendor two weeks before the required
vendors design review. The pre-tested parts shall be available from SLAC at least 4 weeks
before the required power supply delivery.

The supply shall have 4 SCR type crowbars (one for each of the power supply section).

Each crowbar shall be capable of shorting the supply in less than 5 useconds from an external
command or if the klystron arcs down.

The SCR crowbar enclosure shall have its own separate oil system. The enclosure will be
vented into the main oil tank and shall be by conduction / convection cooled from the main
tank oil system. The maximum power loss in the SCR crowbar enclosure shall be 500 watts.
Access to the crowbar SCRs for maintenance or repair shall be through a removable cover on

the top supplied by SLAC. The transformer shall be designed in such a way so as not to

impede the access to the SCRs and minimize interference to allow for removal of the whole

crowbar SCR system as a unit.

PS-341-360-01-R2 8


## Page 9

6.0 Filter inductors

6.1 There shall be two filter inductors operating at 360 Hz, 6 pulse rectification.

6.2. The inductor shall be a so called “swinging choke” or saturable choke with incremental
inductance versus current between the maximum and minimum values shown in figure 8.

6.3 Each of the two filter inductors shall have a filter inductor voltage monitoring winding
connected to the terminal box. The turns ratio shall be approximately 100/1 or 120 V for 12
kV across the inductor. The current rating shall be 5 amps RMS.

6.4 The inductance of each filter inductor shall be >0.3 Hy at 85 amps DC.

6.5 DC current long, term 85 amps

6.6 Fundamental ripple frequency 360 HZ

6.7 Ripple voltage RMS. 6.5 kV max., normal 1.5 kV

6.8 Maximum voltage 12.5 kV RMS. at 60 Hz

6.9 Maximum fault current 1000 amps 135 mSec.

, 6.10 Inductance at 200 amps >0.02 Hy
6.11 High potential test 20 kV RMS., 60 Hz for one minute
6.12 Audible noise level at 20 feet . <55 dbA
7.0 Insulation of complete power supply

7.1 The insulation for the primary windings, current transformers, and terminal bushings shall be

| 15 kV class 95 kV BIL (underground distribution, grounded neutral).

7.2 The phase shifting transformer and rectifier transformers primary and the filter inductors shall
withstand a 60 Hz high pot test of 34 kV for one minute with SCR phased control on.

7.3 One secondary of the rectifier transformers will operate with a DC voltage of 35 kV
superimposed on the 21 kV AC voltage and therefore shall have a DC high pot of 80 kV DC
and/or 60 kV DC with rectifier in place.

PS-341-360-01-R2 9


## Page 10

7.4 The other rectifier transformer secondary shall have an 85 kV DC voltage superimposed on
the 10-21 kV AC voltage and therefore shall have a DC high pot of 150 kV DC and/or 120
kV with rectifier in place.

8.0 Primary excitation

8.1 The phase shifting transformer shall be designed for continuous operation with 12.5 kV +5%
RMS. at 60 Hz. .

8.2. The SCR's in the open Wye will control the primary excitation voltage on the rectifier
transformers so as not to exceed the equivalent of a 13 kV 60 Hz line to line excitation
under all conditions. The vendor shall designed the rectifier transformers for an excitation
(Volt-seconds) equivalent to 13 kV RMS. 60 Hz Line to line. (12.5 kV/21 kV for turns
ratio) {NOTE DC in primary winding will be limited to 0.5 Amp}. The total core losses
(eddy currents and hysteresis) under SCR primary control shall be assumed by the vendor to
be not more 10% greater than the total core losses experienced under 13 kV RMS. 60 Hz
excitation (without the SCR primary control, non-grounded wye, no zero sequence current).

9.0 Short Circuit Conditions

9.1 The transformer shall be designed for continuous full load operation.

9.2 The transformers shall withstand an external 3 phase secondary short circuits at the
transformer terminals for 5 cycles without appreciable damage or parameter change.

9.3 The transformers shall be designed for frequent crowbars (secondary short circuits) with
interruption time from the primary SCR’s of less than one cycle. The number of crowbars
will not exceed 10,000 with no more than (10) in any one day.

PS-341-360-01-R2 10


## Page 11

10.0 ‘Terminals |

10.1 The primary line terminal shall be made compatible with SLAC's existing disconnect and
vacuum contactor enclosure utilizing a weatherproof throat connection. Final dimensions and
placement to be determined before design review.

10.2 The open Wye terminals, filter inductor terminals, and SCR crowbar terminals (supplied by
SLAC) are to be connected by the vendor. The terminals shall be leak tight oil to oil feed
through. The details will be made available before the vendors required design review. |

10.3. The rectifier transformer secondary terminals, consisting of the 3 phases of each Wye and the
three +5% taps on each Wye, shall be terminated to the rectifier diodes on insulators in such a
way that tools or debris will not fall into the transformers if dropped when working on the
rectifiers.

10.4 The five DC Output terminals shall be sealed oil tight with cable termination for RG-220
Cable. The low voltage terminals shall be Isolation Design Inc. Model D-130-02 and the
High voltage terminal Model D-117-BA or SLAC approved equal.

11.0 Cooling and oil

11.1 The power supply shall be forced oil /convection air cooling (FO) using an oil pump to insure
adequate cooling for the transformers and the rectifiers and SCR at the top of the tank.

11.2 The oil pump(s) shall be designed to allow for oil flow in the air cooled radiators without the
pump(s) being on. Pump(s) shall be arrange to enable removal and maintenance on the pumps
without draining the oil from the tank.

| 11.3. The average winding temperature rise of all transformers and filter inductors shall be 65°C
maximum with a hot spot temperature rise of 80°C maximum above 40°C ambient.

11.4 The transformers and inductors shall comply with the loading guide for 65° oil transformers
NEMA standards.

PS-341-360-01-R2 il


## Page 12

11.5 The oil used in the transformer shall be Sontex® X-ray oil {Drakeol® 10 LT mineral Oil

NF} or approved equal.
12.0 Enclosures

12.1. The transformers enclosure shall be of the vendor’s standard design. It shall however meet
industrial standards for transformer tank design. It shall have sufficient space for all of the
vendor supplied equipment as well as for the SCR phase controllers and crowbar enclosures
supplied by SLAC.

12.2 The transformer enclosure shall be capable of withstanding a full vacuum for oil filling and
processing. The SCR enclosures will be vented. into the main tank for oil overflow and
vacuum oil filling.

12.3. The diode rectifier section shall be located on the top (figure 4) of the transformer and shall
be a minimum of 48" W x 82" Lx 24" H. This will contain the rectifier diodes, filter
capacitors, and filter resistors. The rectifier section shall be separated from the rectifier
transformers so that it can be installation and maintenance without draining the tank oil and
designed in such a way that tools or debris will not lodge in the transformers if dropped from
the diode or filter.

12.4 The space shall be provided for the SLAC supplied SCR controller shall be a minimum of
54"W x 36"H x 19"D inside the tank with a flange of at least 2" wide at the top (see figure 6).
The SLAC supplied SCR controller will come as a unit and shall be installed in such a way
that it can be removed easily and quickly as a unit without draining the main tank oil.

12.5. The space shall be provided for the SLAC supplied SCR crowbar shall be a minimum of

_54"W x 36"H x 19"D inside the tank with a flange of at least 2" wide at the top (see figure 7).
PS-341-360-01-R2 | 12


## Page 13

The SLAC supplied SCR crowbar will come as a unit and shall be installed in such a way
that it can be removed easily and quickly as a unit without draining the main tank oil.

12.6 The transformer enclosure shall be designed to have a removable “cat walk” used for
personnel safety during installation and subsequent maintenance of the rectifiers and SCR
units.

13.0 Controls, Accessories and Alarms

13.1 The voltage control shall be provided by the SCR primary control. All of the system controls
except those listed in 13.4 will be provide by SLAC.

13.2 The crowbar shall be triggered from the SLAC provided control system.

13.3. Each of the primary bushings, shall have current transformers type 300/5 with ASA accuracy
classes 1.2 and be wired to a terminal box on the outside of the transformer.

13.4 The following alarm devices shall be furnished and wired to a weatherproof terminal box.
Each device shall have at least one NO and one NC contact.

A) Pressure relief devices with two independent sets of contacts, Qualitol Series 208 or
SLAC approved equal.
B) Top oil temperature for main tank Qualitol Series 165 or SLAC approved equal.
C) Oil level gage for main tank Qualitol Series 032-35 or SLAC approved equal.
D) Pressure / Vacuum alarm.
E) Oil flow Indicator.
14.0 Tests

14.1 The following factory tests shall be performed on the power supply or transformers in
accordance with IEEE and ANSI standards.

14.2 Resistance measurement.

14.3. Transformer turns ratio tests.

PS-341-360-01-R2 13


## Page 14

14.4 Polarity & phase relationship.

14.5. Impedance.

14.6 Induced potential tests.

14.7. AC high pot test on the primary.

14.8 DC high pot test on the secondary and rectifier system.

14.9 Temperature rise tests. (one unit)

14.10 BIL test 95 kV full wave 1%-40 usec on the primaries ANSI/TEEE C57.98-1986 (first unit)

14.11 Incremental inductance vs. current for filter inductors at 360 hz

15.0 Size
15.1 The overall size of the transformer shall not exceed 144" wide x 94" deep x 144" high, with

pad area not to exceed 130" wide x 84" deep (See Figures 4 & 9).

15.2 The detail size and design of the SCR and Crowbar enclosure will be mutually agreed upon
before the required vendor design review.

15.3. Details dimension of the 12 kV throat and the DC terminations will be mutually agreed upon
during the design stage.

15.4. Provision shall be made to lift and handling the transformer complete with oil by a crane.

15.5. Anchoring for earthquake protection shall also be provided.

16.0 Connection & Interlocks
This section covers the interlocks and connection required.
16.1 All of the power connections shall be totally enclosed in metal and secured by either welding
or at least 4 bolts, 1/4" or greater adequate for outdoor service and for personal safety.
16.2 All 15 kV class terminals and connections shall conform with the ASA and NEMA standards

where they apply.

PS-341-360-01-R2 14


## Page 15

17.0 Color

17.1

The transformers shall have a final color of "Home Spun Brown" as supplied by Tnemec

Company of Napa, California color #16794 or SLAC approved equivalent.

18.0 Documentation

The vendor shall submit the below listed documentation with each Power Supply in an electronic

18.1

18.2

18.3

18.4

18.5

18.6

18.7

file format (.dxf, .dwg or .dgn).

All assembly and sub-assembly drawings and schematics.

A complete parts list with manufacturer’s name and model/part number.
Test procedures and test results.

Installation and Maintenance Manuals.

This requirement is deleted.

This requirement is deleted.

Vendors in house technical specifications.

PS-341-360-01-R2

15


## Page 16

ames ~
oo ..g bf ? ; aS
24a ¥ SS ha
anf 2s 8 ow
pws } “m <
axa z = > 3
aes: er x
go
CSC ee Rita A AE NMAC 58 semeumeNNnNe Fei TRIS. id iene “we. 9h amacicind ke.
i ind
(UK xn — |_| 25 _ |
* ere — mem
ioe 20 | ee +e Z |
24 3 Poy ae |
Cc SS z3 Oo:
enn | vw] be aS #
O = “ 8 z
a
Pa < a
wo Zz SO  cenad “BRE oma
= < z rand |
* tA i a 3
ile ©) 3 eet GE BBR Eos >:
om 3 2g oR” @)
is, ws Om ag. x ag >
“ babi mm OO sey is Hea oh
ont, . PSOE Wig tlie | 6g BS afe aoe |
: » Foss bagi ag | m2 2S H
! > Ae : , ie ted ear oe s
Om => an rn
om o> os ot
Se en anaes ee oe E a
: Rabat er i a :
| ——, |
® . va
‘ | ie: fpr ‘ n i
i end ; 0 ee ee: wt
g H o
$b 408 Son ae
| Ete Bo ae ea ~ |
a | a 3 Le
‘ me ed = ; an | an
= | io pet g
ae ae i Gh a pep tet *
: weet ett et : ‘
. . | ye yt eee
| i ‘ dh ee ye . rane
® ' ; 423 | “<4 ow
PY o # Powe Ay be
{ ez ‘ RF ee ®
ta : moet
aE za5 |
: i nei fg a ns ef cinema de it ice = vs
&
* s
i shakes ib sf snore: ne seen 288. ie Se ee we ea si iio meri ci cw auul
3. no we i ee Pa Nes 4 25 oe eS
4 4 > P= a) ww oS x > ” >» 4 m
< < SR ORGS “ << <
“<i aw
sd
ZS
a *
. ggzen
at pe
a
owk
Z> Moos
4 co
ua =
bo :
4
PS-341-360-01-R2 16


## Page 17

PHASE SHIFTING TRANSFORMER
PRIMARY WINDING CURRENT (H1-H2) < 10 AMPS RMS
| INPUT (H} 127 AMPS RMS, OUTPUTS (X & ¥) < 77 AMPS RMS
L93ky L9dky
xt Hl YL
wf \
YS x2 a ke “Y
- - a iy
. +- 15 DEGREES 12.5KV 3 PHASE
200
; 18 ¥1 4 127 AMPS
\ o QJ Li /_MeTOAL Hi
s wo LY IN “415 XI
< \/ \e WINDING HI-H:
> |S Naa
z —_- ee ee ae (ih co
ry] 0 SS iy ene
7 LZ
_—
w \ A
cao a
-100 XI Wa
N
NI pt
~200
0 0.0083 0.0156 |
TIME SECONDS
| FIGURE 2
Kly Pwr Supply Spec.
PS-341-360-01-R2 17


## Page 18

x
ad n
2 ne ont
$¢ eo
a on
5 @ ° =
2 ~~“, wd
Zz
< + >
3 oo Zz
S ol ‘
s wa | >, oe)
xs = fx “TI
1 ed Om oreett
San iiiken litem teen! a) a oe O mo
NR >< i ae pars
Anan 2s Ad
NI ~ %, =
CaaS ws = wd
AKA > N
z2<eK< 8S mad @ & “
p> >> x ~< Oar “I< ©
mrad bo aoa an 2 ah seas 9
5 AR Z “< a A ~ - Zz
Q<< n> BS [Ppp °r* F
“<n RM ° wae o =
NNN <> th >< ¢ Pp, 23 4 bo {Ti
> Sox
pee sve) [7 °S3 9
wits @ es “et > O
zx = ina Za
Z>opr &
bs a eee, a rtp 78
yy mmm os a oy Nox
a N cnn, m4, OU wa > oO
> KO oe Ullep zOm _—
NG ~ oOo Se >
: a>
3 x a @)
20 - <6Ge “wo
x Mx 3 @ >
cee | sand al =
CA m <i
N 7 >
a
+4
tO :
a
=
aR
PS-341-360-01-R2 18


## Page 19

rom nena ———————— i
= = == = . — “9
a a 6 faeces, ~> rv
—————— = i —— | “U
: renner | isn ai erm ee | a
9 tees lo ee
@ @ sereexcencouren . { | seen fae)
| Paper \ =a | I es N
FEN A aa arceree —
- SI I (SSS
— _ \ 3 2 ~N
) os —
Cc > — > ~<
A Pn" Mpg 3 n
mi = & om.
be al and
pi eee ee be heey neta BP in Ana SScee 3cEo _ = @)
| : —\ i Zz
mi tet es ta a jf ' >
= is Peveoeiee fy 3
los =F] at) Reet TR | ig |
O. EHUBHH = as
ee
can ie = im eS Be Be Bee tO =
a Aa creates area areca carerere rere a ¢ as a eo * g
2 Lf \ | iam 4. | Rs as las as -|
g Oo eer brag ‘ 2. e-a ds oo so oh 2 3 ow]
3 o Q uy - a ee ee ee ~~
4 7 : = on f is s = & S & & s
are | sO = 2 af eo 68 eo es Gre.
ne ees ney i el EE a Oe ce 3
2 fe) Hh 26 i ae ow B=8 a= ze 2 on
Bf) Gee | : Ay A EY a he 2 a
z | aan | ia =| o9
a+ |) ar | © ) : foobe oO los
g | [fe PEN EO Esp
° : . . _ 2 ,
||) — ge Toe Bed | =
& et acs (Prem 2 8 ise peape: een pas f 2 re
4 1 a emma ee Rg Cg ORS. once 3 >
“ deem” RS es 4” 2.
(5 peeneeee |  g g
a = aaaineam o a Z exci iS & O
: 2 == | = 22 :
5 = 2 = : Cc
ae == S2 i
2 x =
= a
2 Fett My cnn
a a
>
Cy
PS-341-360-01-R2 19


## Page 20

. | le— 165° Max ——9}
zx “Ti :
ne Ow
2 [ok Dy 93
@ “9 | oS,
5 a = 4 |K4 o =
ae Fa a ie
o |
¢ <lgy * yea |
° “ammd 2 teal | =
Hill] 2 fee) |
li ie ha me | a TI
i ——— We Sick =
/\oee HAs 3
A Baa | < S
= mi my ) = eS 2
z u Mi Gaol > Oo
o naan Fac o} lo cry 2
fe) mp / 9 yt xe)
m Slab ' = (oti Q
& Om 2 BEG 5
~< TA ee o LE | a
SMI = 3 (eR 5
ma k— 96° —p| 7
ww
PS-341-360-01-R2 20


## Page 21

os eo ° Lo”
z cueewuns ~> i, FNC
= Miirar i Wari am SOR}
ace | Hf i AO i —_ = cae
= ne ae "Plt rte, Pl) 3
- =< HA i | is ke iP
G3 al , a " alo
5 | yume 5} /)) Terry
I Tit VU VG UE i Vo | 5 “Ff se 1° y
a. ak ole ;
gus TR ‘i (exalt > 3
- as IN a \ Tek ia Lhe ||
~~ Ee 7B phro,
a | to debe
s | GEER +3
2 — ob EES als
le . ! ¢e—— om —
2 * Je 25° in. ————--—]
g 3
x 3
ep * x» -
z g cn >
OG ~z
mn 3 < &
of —_ \ a Go
( LUTE ES 4 7a
\ nS} |, .
Se e ~
A a
E ®
PS-341-360-01-R2 21


## Page 22

Figure 7
SCR CROWBAR
SUPPLIED BY SLAC

STEEL.
a Pee STEER COVER

A :
Dy a Mh 7)
 inioeee
CoB Sesepmends halved, rood
faenge Fa) Peay fr a
eed pa ed ba ae
amet e os fr eee pean
KE Fee neangel A commana? | i seein
nen ay mens Fo —
ro ie * prose 8 KG . r}
oom f iene, Same, Sooners
Cet ory CO nev fragt é #!
ro i aman tRY Sai
Nema hom . i ah &
gio Svomagael Foxe
Oo Dae ence: | ee ¥ 2 aan x
=| =| 8 tt
pl pn Cy eeeeed f
, C ceoreoveecd
peat) een Fo, “9 pH ;
stdin, pO | Peet aren 4 sneas ©
Cae Foe in 2 ere etiam
een Per a ee | ea ‘mene
Fae = Seema yy ooo a
| ae A a / CUT AWAY imi
beset sacar 5 Meme Niaaey j —_—:
‘a -= Boh
ee Nad
a 2

eBKV 5eKV fOKV 92 KV

22

PS-341-360-01-R2


## Page 23

FILTER INDUCTOR
| INDUCTANCE VS CURRENT
1.2 @—@ e ) & |
nt
m4 ,
| Maximum
= 0.6 | Ny ae
2 7 | J és —— ‘ .
F 0.2 Minimuy od
; | | | |
0g 20 4p BO 86 100
CURRENT AMPS DC
Figure 8 © | |
PS-341-360-01-R2 23


## Page 24

HI
cae ne
) | =Ill: a
| P+ ii Tier 5
} aeeeeeee | = e ; mM
< | | i : il = 2
o || i “lk = =
aii ! | A
. 24 on alle he -_
SO ==3 ————— x
| i B4tomnt ll —* Ra ra
+f oa:
| owes alk _—— 3
ern a
ei SS a ee
=] col Ji, QE]!
= Fa {| 12 | a a
aimee os i= == ae
ee
a3 ES < aE ~
"A FOE .
Zo |= om _
mM 2 5, =
aoe} eoomeé
| i) cS
| | al | nc
an. | “il ——
wl I |
| ai ee
=== 2
PS-341-360-01-R2 24

